When I was editing and looking at the code to make sure that everything was done correctly, one of the first things that I did this time that I never did any other time I did the projects, was take the project phase by phase and have the AI engine explain to me all the things that needed for the project. This really helped me break down all the things that I need to add into the AI prompt to make sure all of key characteristics are included.

After writing and submitting the prompts, I made sure to include the pseudocode to make sure that the variables that are in there, are the variables that the AI engine puts into the code that is being generated. I also made sure to include in the prompt the opportunity to use the swap() method whenever necessary. One of the things that I really loved about using the AI was when I did not understand why they were adding certain things (I noted this in my interaction log).

We were warned in the README that the AI does not import collections much of the time, so when I prompt the AI, I do so in the different sections. Like for this project, I did each of the sorting methods individually to make sure that when the imports are needed, I can make sure they are done and I don't forget (cause I tend to do that). I know I had to add all the imports for everything except for when generating the test class, since that is the only class that was completely generated using the AI.

When it came to editing the test class, I noticed there was an error with one of the test methods. The AI generated two methods that had the same name, so I made sure that all the errors were gone, and all the tests were able to run successfully. 

Before talking about the different sorting methods in this module of the class, I have never heard of it before. I think that this module was really cool because I was able to see the runtimes for all the different sorting methods such as Gnome Sorting and Cocktail Shaker Sorting methods. They were very similar when looking at the metrics running the driver. All the times that I ran the class, the Cocktail Shaker Sort was more than 50% of the run-time, and the gnome sort was very close to 50%. The Shell Sort was always the shortest, with most of my attempts being very close or at 1%. I think this would help a lot in the real world when I am looking at different metrics and on which sorting methods work the best if I were to run into different scenerios. I already work in manufactoring to put myself through school, so it is really nice to get a glimpse of the "behind the scenes" of production.

Relying on the AI didn't hinder my understanding. I think it helped me understand the algorithms that I needed to know to make all these things that I want to happen, happen. And if there was something that I did not understand, I either asked AI to explain what it is doing further, or I went to the wiki pages that are available in the project assignment that went into everything further. This is what really helped me visualize what the sort is doing inside the computer. So the AI did not hinder me, but helped me know the format of the code.